so all right guys it's me back again ray
zone and today we're hunting for some
news in battlefield 3 that's no problem
because these nukes are almost
everywhere if you just look around and
if you see a big new before long dil a
gun or something like this you just ran
over there mom have him crockie so let's
get started for those loops okay guys we
were called in this area the dead was
enemy room right behind those stones and
I'm trying to find him oh oh look at
this guy he's a very brave one you think
he can get here Crocky Oh get those nuts
and get dog oh let's see once a month
yes he's gone to want my nuts back in
his face oh so tasty and stinky okay
let's say no
alright guys let's get on this building
because my mate called me the desert any
sniper
oh oh Crockett Oh Crocky didn't even see
me I climbed up the letter O croquet oh
okay yeah Tim let's see if it wasn't
yeah you want my nuts he won't my
definitely he want my nuts yes oh it
feels so good and there's another one oh
ok here's another sniper oh my god two
snipers one area get those who okay get
him oh it feels so good so guys my mate
called me out is there a very much
fucking noobs in this a oh and I'm gonna
head forward to them and I'm gonna fight
them and I'm gonna get those placards
out of them so guys oh okay that was the
first morning
okay I'm gonna get this oh oh oh okay
look at this nice is it not
ok